[OSDOCS#17175]: Make changes as per the errors and warnings for CQA-3 (#114275)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/compliance-manual.adoc

[id="compliance-manual_{context}"]
= Remediating a platform check manually

[role="_abstract"]

> Checks for Platform scans typically have to be remediated manually by the administrator for two reasons:

Reviewer: Short descriptions must not end with a colon. Here's a suggested revision, which also revises the first line to use active voice instead of passive:

```suggestion
[role="_abstract"]
Typically, administrators must manually remediate checks for Platform scans. 

Manual remediations are necessary for the following reasons:
```
